how are you yes yes you are here for the
virtual haircut yes it's okay I will go
get Luigi he will come and cut your hair
Manuel just stay right there he is
coming up right now and meanwhile I will
go over here it's so nice to see you
welcome to the Starkey cetera barbershop
and your virtual haircut
I'd like to start the demonstration by
moving over to your right hand side and
are peaking up in this bag if you just
hold still for a second I'll put this
bag over your head
like that the bag over the top of their
head the only reason I did that is
because all of the fancy barbershops do
that what you listening to is I move on
to your right all we are doing is using
your head as the listening point and we
have two microphones one on either side
of the head in the same position is
where your left and your right ears are
your brain is doing all of the work
telling you where the sounds are coming
from okay I'll go get the scissors now
as a beginner clipping and I bring the
clip is closer to your ear very closer
to the right ear
although means I move around the back of
the head to the left ear but no over the
top of the head okay you can get the
same effect the better with the electric
razor
first bring it close you're right here
perfect and around it back and on to
your left
yeah I think that looks a wonderful man
well what do you think yes yes it looks
wonderful Luigi you do such nice work
oh thank you so much Manuel so fast now
as I walk around I just want to tell you
once more that your ability to hear
where I am as I walk around the room is
simply the amazing power of your brain
calculating the tiny differences or
queues in sound intensity and arrival
time from two open ears and unlike any
other hearing instrument only one has
the digital algorithm that negates its
own physical presence in the ear to
fully restore those differences that
algorithm is called set Dara let's thank
you thank you so much for stopping by
the Starkey virtual barbershop by the
region